menopause hot flashes forgetfulness
hormonal imbalance depression have you
ever experienced them or know anyone who
has experienced them or its experience
in them oh you wonderful ladies out
there of a certain age find your already
shriveling up your kids playing the nest
I'm wondering is all I have to look
forward to old age and wrinkles wouldn't
you like to find a way to survive the
menopause and come out the other end a
much happier of a filled woman hi my
name is Pauline i'm a 51 year old
housewife living in iceland who three
years of spiritual searching and are
longing to make a better world burned up
process with which i could survive the
menopause become more fulfilled improve
my health and finally stop putting
myself at the bottom of the pile people
to take care of through this process i
would like to help you to fill your
dreams and desires which you have often
put on the back burner and you juggled
your roles as mother wife but Edwin our
indian chief etc introducing for your
entertainment and inspiration assure the
perils of fine submitted for the live
online event by movers and shakers have
you ever attended a talk by an
inspirational speaker have you ever
experienced an uplifting contact sure
most of us have the perils of pauline
combines both a much more performing
arts to inspire the heart soul I the
year along with words of inspiration the
show will be interfered some classic
golden oldie
I do know is
some of you might be thinking well
that's all date for her she can sing
until it's confident and glamorous
that's I could never get up well let me
tell you of you better about myself and
you'll see just how much you can't do
people haven't seen me in a few years
stop me in the street and say you know
what does look of shock on that business
e I hear the polling from Scotland who
used to live in such and such a place
you see they're so short because the
last time they saw me I was over 300
pounds and being only 5 foot city I was
what we might call rather for the--
that's the only f1 freshman year as a
nerve huh and often i had to work with
the walking sticks i was riddled with
rheumatoid arthritis osteoarthritis and
a host of other autoimmune diseases i
was chronically in pain and seriously
depressed also at the same time my
husband had chronic depression i went
through several operations on his back
we had a young son who had been
diagnosed with autism and then our new
child also had developmental problems
life was really really difficult I also
struggled in a foreign land as I
language that wards and still ends
really difficult extremely difficult
alone and all of this before I was hot
you might have made the type of person
who seems to be forever seeking
spiritual enlightenment and reading
self-help books but never puts into
practice well with the process that I
discovered I was finally able to
transform those perils of Western into
action and reclaim my life before it was
too late
and I know
it's time
my last on
pick myself up and get back in the race
that's life
I can't deny goal is for each woman who
experiences the shore to be entertained
educated and inspired to meet those
little changes and how we look at life
and in our behavior that can completely
improve our lives and the lives of those
around us you may have heard of the
explanation life begins at forty well
I'm here to tell you but not only does
it hit a party but it can surely blossom
like 50 talking about blossoming during
the show I compare various flowers to
the deaf new character type of woman
while it's in pain teaching the audience
vowed to avenge them each flower is a
different type of care just as each type
of woman needs a different type of cure
you're a mystery you're from our
Oh
finally using quick oil painting
techniques I describe women's lives in
all its layers of complexity building to
a time in our lives where we began to
see the picture when life is difficult
but your openness we find it really nice
to find a real woman a real example of
someone who's managed to turn the lives
around and reclaim their youth and
vitality I hope to inspire as many women
as possible and invite you all to dream
a little dream with me stars shining
right above night reason seemed to
whisper birds singing in the sycamore
tree dream a little dream
Oh